>> On Gaia Events Plus,
>> And we have to ask, what
is it that I have that can be
in service?
And you move into the
stage called manifestation.
>> This week on Gaia,
new documentary.
>> We have exalted personal
independence to an almost
godlike state.
>> New series.
>> In this season of
Mystery Teachings,
we embark on a journey
of self-discovery
and transformation
through the 22 archetypes
of our multidimensional self.
>> On Beyond Belief.
with George Noory,
>> All the examples of
successful time shifting
I've seen have been by people
who had-- go into meditation.
>> New series.
>> When the same message
is repeated over and over,
such proof is not
open to discussion.
It just is.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith,
>> If it's smart enough
to understand what
you're instructing it to do,
why would it want to do what you
tell it and not
what it wants to do?
>> On The Arc of Time,
>> They founded a
sanctuary of peace,
a place of balance that could
contain the information of what
human beings have learned.
It was called Shambhala.
>> On a new season
of Cosmic Disclosure,
>> The hybridization is
not necessarily changing
our appearance, but more like
expanding our consciousness.
>> Only on Gaia.